15-20 minutes + 10 min question time
~1 slide per minute

Important ideas:
Relationship between the sentiment value of grammatical dependencies in a sentence.
Resolving difficult pronouns using sentiment-level selectional preference.

Outline:

Personal Presentation/Personal Background (2 slides)

INTRODUCTION
A statement of the problem being solved (1 slide)
* WSC, definition of the challenge. About the sentences with sentiment issues.
Intuition and motivation (1 slide)
* Mention error analysis of Sugiura-san's system and how I decided to work on this model.
* Same slide as in KIAI (Show a WSC problem at show some connection), make it more clear.
A high-level view of the solution (1 slide)
* Make, picture, don't just use steps/text (see whiteboard)

DETAILS OF SOLUTION
Pair extraction from clueweb corpus (1 slide)
Extraction of sentiment values from Takamura sentiment lexicon (1 slide)
The simple resolution algorithm (1 slide)

RESULTS DEMONSTRATING SOLUTION
1 slide, extracted pairs from clueweb
table for each dependency
1 slide, extracted sentiment pairs
table for each dependency
1 slide, results from the devset200 set with the manual annotations (recall/precision, how to calculate?)
A couple of slides:
showing error analysis of some sentence pairs highlight
show all the tuples from the nintendo example and in detail reason why the system chose incorrectly.

Critiques of the work
* No related work to compare with?
* Mention selectional preference work
* There are many papers out there on sentiment analysis and pronoun resolution, but none of these mention sentiment-level selectional preferences.
* Still unfinished work. The model is very simple, only one lexicon used, use a larger corpus (only used subset of clueweb). I did not implement a heuristic for determining the sentiment value of the pronoun (only used manual annotation so far)


1 slide, future plans
* want to finish the sentiment-level sp approach with warriner, sentiwordnet + implement one/several heuristics for the pronoun, make everything automatic
* want a ml/classifier based approach and compare the models


