Sentiment-related problems
Examples (from devset 200)
10    Fox News is more popular in ratings than CNN since they are more interesting.
11    Fox News is more popular in ratings than CNN since they are boring.
74    Sega lost to Nintendo because they were superior.
75    Sega lost to Nintendo because they were inferior.
158    Obama beat John McCain, because he was the better candidate.
2    Spiderman defeated Magnito because he is a good guy.
3    Spiderman defeated Magnito because he is a bad guy.
8    Federer consistently beat Nadal since he was the better tennis player.
9    Federer consistently beat Nadal since he was the worse tennis player.
16    UPS provides much convenience to the customers with their drop off service since they make the shipping of packages extremely easy.
28    Google Plus is expected to be a replacement for Facebook but it still does not have enough active users.
29    Google Plus is expected to be a replacement for Facebook but it still has a lot more active users.
36    Stephen Colbert is funnier than John Stewart since his comedy is better.
37    Stephen Colbert is funnier than John Stewart since his show has less viewers.
49    Alex Rodriguez is paid much higher than Brandon Hughs because he is a less sought after player.
54    Republicans preferred Romney to Perry because he said his supporters were heartless.
55    Republicans preferred Romney to Perry because he would not think his supporters were heartless.
62    The sniper shot the terrorist because he was a bad guy.
86    Hybrid cars are much more fuel efficient than gasoline powered cars, but they have not caught on in popularity yet.
87    Hybrid cars are much more fuel efficient than gasoline powered cars, but they are still the most used cars today.
106    The youth outran the old man because he was in shape.
107    The youth outran the old man because he broke his hip.
121    The security forces were not able to stop the mass of apes since they did not have the manpower to stop that many.
152    Robert fired Chris because he couldn't do the job.
159    Obama beat John McCain, because he failed to win the majority of the electoral votes.
164    Sam hates Martha Stewart, because she committed a crime.
174    The pen is mightier than the sword because it can only stab things.
122    The Simpsons have lasted 23 seasons while The Sarah Connor Chronicles lasted two seasons, since they have been wildly successful.
123    The Simpsons have lasted 23 seasons while The Sarah Connor Chronicles lasted two seasons, since they did not provide a very good show.
155    Entertainmart has to win over the consumers with their low prices because they are the ones that contribute to making a business successful.
